#Types#

_User_
{
	username: string,
	password: string,
}

_Employee_
{
	employeeId: number,
	fname: string,
	lname: string,
	email: string,
	department: string,
	isAdmin: boolean
} 

_PerformancReview_
{
	performanceReviewId: number,
	employeeId: number,
	reviewerIds: [
		...number
	],
	created: number
}

_PerformanceReviewSubmission_
{
	id: number,
	performanceReviewId: number,
	reviewerId: number,
	submission: string,
	timestamp: number
}


#REST API#

### Authentication ###

### Employees ###

**GET /employee/id**
_(Admin credentials)_
If id is specified, will search and return a single object of `Employee` type that has an `employeeId` that matches the provided id.
If no id is specified, will return a list of all employees represented as an array of `Employee` objects. 

**PUT /employee/id**
_(Admin credentials)_
Will update an existing employee record with given id. Body of request should contain json structure of `Employee` type. 
If no id is provided, or employee doesn't exist, will return a 404.
Otherwise will return 200 on success.

**POST /employee**
_(Admin credentials)_
Will create a new employee record. Body of request should contain json structure of `Employee` type. If this json does not contain an `employeeId` field, then a random one will be generated by the backend. 
Returns 200 on success. 

**DELETE /employee/id**
_(Admin credentials)_
Will delete an employee record with given id. 
Returns 200 on success.

### Performance Reviews ###

**GET /performance-reviews/id**
_(Admin credentials)_
If id is specified, will return a single object of `PerformanceReview` type that has a matching `performanceReviewId` with provided id. 
If no id is specified, will return a list of all performance reviews represented as an array of `PerformanceReview` objects. 

**POST /performance-reviews**
_(Admin credentials)_
If 